---
title: 305b Assessed Lake 2018
created: '2020-12-04T18:55:25.043751'
modified: '2020-12-04T18:55:25.043799'
state: active
type: dataset
tags:
  - '2018'
  - 305b
  - Connecticut
  - Ct
  - Ct Deep
  - Deep
  - Environmental
  - Estuary
  - Geoscientific Information
  - Health
  - Inland Waters
  - Lake
  - River
groups:
  - Local Government
csv_url: >-
  https://ct-deep-gis-open-data-website-ctdeep.hub.arcgis.com/datasets/375c6966fdcb422e9ea7749e6ab8eeef_1.csv?outSR=%7B%22latestWkid%22%3A2234%2C%22wkid%22%3A102656%7D
json_url: >-
  https://services1.arcgis.com/FjPcSmEFuDYlIdKC/arcgis/rest/services/305b_Assessed_2018_River_Lake_Estuary_Set/FeatureServer/1
layout: post

---
<span style='font-family:&quot;Avenir Next W01&quot;, &quot;Avenir Next W00&quot;, &quot;Avenir Next&quot;, Avenir, &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;, sans-serif; font-size:16px;'>305b Assessed 2018 River Lake Estuary Set: </span>Connecticut 305b Assessed Estuary 2018 is a 1:24,000-scale, polygon feature-based layer that includes estuaries that have been assessed in compliance with Sections 305(b) and 303(d) of the federal Clean Water Act. Section 305(b) of the Clean Water Act requires each state to monitor, assess and report on the quality of its waters relative to attainment of designated uses established by the State's water quality standards. Section 303(d) requires each State to compile a subset of that list identifying only those waters not meeting water quality standards and assign a Total Maximum Daily Load (TMDL) priority ranking to each impaired waterbody. This layer is based on information collected and compiled prior to 2018. It represents conditions at a particular point in time and does not represent current conditions. This layer includes only assessed estuaries. It can be used with the 2018 Connecticut 305b Assessed Lakes layer and the 2018 Connecticut 305b Assessed Rivers layer to geographically display attainment and non-attainment for each designated use on assessed waters within Connecticut's boundaries. Features are polygon locations that represent the locations of assessed estuaries. The sources for these features include the hydrography layer and the water quality classification layer. Attribute information is comprised of a unique identifier (segment Id) for each feature, a description of the waterbody, its location, the assessment cycle (year), the water type, the Long Island Sound basin and zone, whether the feature is an island or a beach, the water quality class, the size in square miles, and the assessment for the following categories: marine aquatic life, recreation, fish consumption, and shellfish. Data is compiled at 1:24,000 scale. This dataset is not updated. Connecticut 305b Assessed Lake 2018 is a 1:24,000-scale, polygon feature-based layer that includes lakes that have been assessed in compliance with Sections 305(b) and 303(d) of the federal Clean Water Act. Section 305(b) of the Clean Water Act requires each state to monitor, assess and report on the quality of its waters relative to attainment of designated uses established by the State's water quality standards. Section 303(d) requires each State to compile a subset of that list identifying only those waters not meeting water quality standards and assign a Total Maximum Daily Load (TMDL) priority ranking to each impaired waterbody. This layer is based on information collected and compiled prior to 2018. It represents conditions at a particular point in time and does not represent current conditions. This layer includes only assessed lakes. It can be used with the 2018 Connecticut 305b Assessed River layer and the Connecticut 305b Assessed Estuary layer to geographically display attainment and non-attainment for each designated use on assessed waters within Connecticut's boundaries. Features are polygon locations that represent the locations of assessed lakes. The sources for these features include the hydrography layer and the water quality classification layer. Attribute information is comprised of the Connecticut lake identification number, a unique identifier for each feature, the name of the waterbody, its location, the assessment cycle (year), the water type, the water quality class goal, the length of the feature in miles, the National Hydrography Dataset basin number, and the assessment for the following categories: aquatic life, recreation, fish consumption, and drinking water supply. Data is compiled at 1:24,000 scale. This dataset is not updated. Connecticut 305b Assessed River 2018 is a 1:24,000-scale, line feature-based layer that includes rivers that have been assessed to comply with Sections 305(b) and 303(d) of the federal Clean
