---
title: 305b Assessed 2010 Lake
created: '2020-12-04T18:56:32.395069'
modified: '2020-12-04T18:56:32.395082'
state: active
type: dataset
tags:
  - 305b
  - Coastal Area
  - Coastal Boundary
  - Coastal Regulations
  - Connecticut Coastal Management Act
  - Ct
  - Ctdeep
  - Data
  - Deep
  - Environmental
  - Estuary
  - Lake
  - Long Island Sound
  - Open
  - Open Data
  - River
  - Set
groups:
  - Local Government
csv_url: >-
  https://ct-deep-gis-open-data-website-ctdeep.hub.arcgis.com/datasets/4206689eff3f45b8aa763a45b1f30501_1.csv?outSR=%7B%22latestWkid%22%3A2234%2C%22wkid%22%3A102656%7D
json_url: >-
  https://services1.arcgis.com/FjPcSmEFuDYlIdKC/arcgis/rest/services/305b_Assessed_2010_River_Lake_Estuary/FeatureServer/1
layout: post

---
305b Assessed 2010 River, Lake, Estuary Set:


Connecticut 305b Assessed River 2010 is a 1:24,000-scale, line feature-based layer that includes rivers that have been assessed to comply with Sections 305(b) and 303(d) of the federal Clean Water Act. Section 305(b) of the Clean Water Act requires each state to monitor, assess and report on the quality of its waters relative to attainment of designated uses established by the State's water quality standards. Section 303(d) requires each State to compile a subset of that list identifying only those waters not meeting water quality standards and assign a Total Maximum Daily Load (TMDL) priority ranking to each impaired waterbody.
This layer is based on information collected and compiled prior to 2010. It represents conditions at a particular point in time and does not represent current conditions. This layer includes only rivers that were assessed in the time period above referenced. It can be used with the 2010 Connecticut 305b Assessed Lake layer and the Connecticut 305b Assessed Estuary layer to geographically display attainment and non-attainment for each designated use on assessed waters within Connecticut's boundaries.
Features are lines that represent the locations of assessed rivers. The sources for these features include the hydrography layer and the water quality classification layer. Attribute information is comprised of a unique identifier (segment ID) for each feature, the name of the waterbody, its location, the assessment cycle (year), the water type, the water quality class goal, the length of the feature in miles, the National Hydrography Dataset basin number, and the assessment for the following categories: aquatic life, recreation, fish consumption, and drinking water supply. Data is compiled at 1:24,000 scale. This dataset is not updated.
For more information, please refer to the following report:
&quot;State of Connecticut Integrated Water Quality Report&quot; at <a href='http://www.ct.gov/dep/lib/dep/water/water_quality_management/305b/ctiwqr10final.pdf' rel='nofollow ugc' target='_blank'>http://www.ct.gov/dep/lib/dep/water/water_quality_management/305b/ctiwqr10final.pdf</a> Connecticut 305b Assessed Lake 2010 is a 1:24,000-scale, polygon feature-based layer that includes lakes that have been assessed in compliance with Sections 305(b) and 303(d) of the federal Clean Water Act. Section 305(b) of the Clean Water Act requires each state to monitor, assess and report on the quality of its waters relative to attainment of designated uses established by the State's water quality standards. Section 303(d) requires each State to compile a subset of that list identifying only those waters not meeting water quality standards and assign a Total Maximum Daily Load (TMDL) priority ranking to each impaired waterbody.
This layer is based on information collected and compiled prior to 2010. It represents conditions at a particular point in time and does not represent current conditions. This layer includes only assessed lakes. It can be used with the 2010 Connecticut 305b Assessed River layer and the Connecticut 305b Assessed Estuary layer to geographically display attainment and non-attainment for each designated use on assessed waters within Connecticut's boundaries.
Features are polygon locations that represent the locations of assessed lakes. The sources for these features include the hydrography layer and the water quality classification layer. Attribute information is comprised of the Connecticut lake identification number, a unique identifier for each feature, the name of the waterbody, its location, the assessment cycle (year), the water type, the water quality class goal, the length of the feature in miles, the National Hydrography Dataset basin number, and the assessment for the following categories: aquatic life, recreation, fish consumption, and drinking water supply. Data is compiled at 1:24,000 scale. This dataset is not updated.
For more information, please re
